## Introduction

Hello Sir/madam, My name is He Zhu, graduated from University of Ottawa this year on May. My major is in Electrical and Computer Engineering. In the past  focusing on java web development. I was also involved in an AI Research project and significantly improve the model accuracy. The web development skill is the one I'd like to talk most, date back to my third-year coop internship, I worked in Qualcomm cork office as a Junior Software Engineer.  At that time, my main responsibility was to work with the Quality Verification Team and Develop a Meeting Management System. I was chosen to be the small team leader in terms of arranging all the meetings and assignment. The project took us around two months and awarded Qualcomm Star for our great work. What's more, in the following years, I didn't stop myself from learning cutting-edge technologies and developed few full-stack web app using modern frameworks.  I'm looking forward to joining the company to make my contribution as an software engineer.

问题

double cross region

## Greatest Strength

My greatest strength is patience and hardworking. I don’t think I’m a man who do things in a hurry, on the other hand, I’d like to finish the job with high quality and good performance, even with relative more time. The more time you devote into the project, the better the system will be. It’s always better to think everything, every edge condition beforehand instead of repair or debug the whole thing when the server is down. 

In terms of characteristic, I am totally optimistic person with some humor. It pretty much like a inherent attribute of myself, optimistic can not only help yourself to enjoy the work and life, but also bring positive energy to your friends and colleagues. Beside, helping others and be kind to people around are also some spotlight of myself I believe.

- stay cool, keep clam and control
- keep a level head
- Thinking logically



## Greatest Weakness

To be honest, I think one of the weakness is that I can hardly start doing other thing until the problem is solved. One thing that I can always improve on is the time management. To be more specific, when facing a challenging problem, especially technical problem, I always devote myself into it until it solved. Usually it take a long time, and in the meanwhile there might be other assignment waiting me to finish, so balancing all these work is a big problem. I didn't realize it until one of my supervisor intentionally gave me multiple task and let them run in parallel. Afterwards, He told me it's kind of like a pressure test and would like to see how I handle multi-thread task at the same time. This may also hold back other people in the project, and I have to make sure everyone is comfortable with the project timeline. For now, I think I have made a great progress and be able to do a good time management myself facing the aforementioned challenges. 